Change copyright (#45)
siemens/CtrlppCheck: WinCC_OA_Test/readme.md

-OaVersion ,defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.20)
-OaInstallPath ,define the installation path of WinCC OA (default C:\Siemens\Automation\WinCC_OA\)
-OaTestPath ,define the test path (default *thisWorkspace*\WinCC_OA_Test\)
-OaTestRunId , defines test-run ID to be executed (default Regression-tests)
-formatCtrlCode, allow automatic formatting of ctrl code - inclusive ctrl tests (default disabled)

> -changeCopyright, change copyright entries to correct year for whole ctrl code - inclusive ctrl tests (default disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-changeCopyright, change copyright entries to correct year for all ctrl code - including ctrl tests (default disabled)
```
